we welcome 165-pound final salix danger
of Oklahoma State first off Alex tell us
about tonight's match you know our
Russell decent a little conservative you
know I respected his top down too much
but you know he's a good competitor and
no made you finally so I can't be mad
about it will now open it up for
questions please use your name and
affiliation and motion to our mic holder
please yeah it's richer rodeo collegian
add alex this is your second consecutive
national title tell me how does that
feel especially now that you if you win
you can become about possible three
timer obviously I'm looking at that but
I'm not a little ahead of its match
don't take it one match that time I'm
not most people say now I'm still out
there do what I do and you know I should
come out on top but stick to my damn fun
always so much do you know about Walsh I
mean he is a totally different style
he's also a guy like you jumped up a
weight talk about both you and him doing
that and what does what's it's been
experience for you you seem to make it
look easier even though it is a heavier
weight um yeah I mean I never rust
inform obviously really good competitor
not making made the finals last year
getting in place in 57 so move up
awaiting final is pretty special but you
know I'm a strange wrestler so make
primate a little easier for me to adjust
in him the only just floated funky and
catch people in the back or it's good to
catch right on catching but no I'm just
sensed Imams knees my strange against
them now you be nice and rehydrated
through stuff so I'm excited Alex oh we
got the TV over here one of your
teammates is that on the mat that's
obviously you guys must work out a lot
did you help him and does he help you
crush borough because he came in here is
a 12 seed and he's got a chance to
possibly make the finals young you got
salute our drill a lot more in begins
we hadn't really wrestle towards the end
you know you look Perry a lot and you
know he's he's made a good run he's 12
seed I think yeah and you know he's beat
some good guys on the way those paths to
it some money so I'm excited for further
questions for Alex guarantee if you just
comment on not only the chance for a
second national title about the chance
to get your 100 please victory tomorrow
yeah that's pretty special now just do
my 100 victory and the National chatting
the same time you know it's pretty cool
not only being my junior year at all so
you know I'm excited for it I'm ready
and also earlier you said that the
second national title is ours to win so
what have you is there any thing that's
been different in your preparation is
season compared to last season noise yah
one last year na system do same thing
added a shame you know to keep keep the
same repetition moment I do that
whatever your other teammates Josh
kindig unfortunately did in his career
and a good note audit because just the
wear and tear what is it happens with
wrestlers that they have to it as they
get older it becomes he actually harder
um you mean coming back and doing good
yeah fact dealing with injuries that we
wear and tear of the sport it was what
it does to you as you get older oh yeah
I know he's he's he's pretty even
injury-prone quite a bit young got
injured quite a few times is here now
he's you know I feel bad for him you
know he's a warrior came out wrestled
you'd have to do that heat tour salutes
hamstring Saudis you know got a lot of
stuff like that but is there a wear and
tear as you get older have you felt it
yeah yeah I'm definitely you know some
parts my body's a lot sword and they
were a couple years ago so they could
saw a lot quicker any further questions
for Alex right thanks alex is graduate